hello hello and welcome to coco tv
with a new presentation
today the bitfenix phenom case
in micro-atx version so if we buy
micro or mini format does not change
not exactly the same case
same design it's just chassis that
will change in the front we have a
facade united here in white on the top
a small black beak that can be removed
like those that will allow to
leave access to a radiator in
watercooling 240 mm but point of
fans unfortunately since if
we put a 120 we can rest
correctly the little guy we put the
top in the back we have a rivers to
tea xx or rather rivers micro-atx with
five teams and if a very good thing
a 120 or 140 mm occupied slot
by a 120mm fan is here
ayew shield access below then we
turned
the case we have here enough to draw
the front façade which will decline via
four little pins inside there
we have a filter so it's not
quite a filter since it's
plain plastic but it's still
protected here if we want to put some
hard drives since we have some
locations for purpose of pushing him 3
inch and a half with what to put
fan we recognize the diameter on
can put a maximum of 200 mm or
120 140 there we have our four feet
with a non-slip system
very efficient rubber and a small
aluminum casket and if we have
the lamp the sorry place for
supply
the cable is placed at the back
we saw inside there is a small
extension that the food will breathe
from the front since we have here a
wide opening for fan like
on the mythical model it's exactly
the same chassis
some pieces are repeated here
a bay 5 25 but without access to
the outside we can remove it if
need no problem feeding is going
measure 260 mm maximum of long hours
so two authors here pay attention to
connectors if we are on modular
it could possibly type or
blocked we then have wide access
right here
for the bad kite of the radiator
in the back a small fan of 120
mm that is already installed as well as a
on the bottom and we can always
place and a second if we place a
second
it will do like this so there it is not
set of course but know that if we
wants to be a watercooling radiator
and quite simply in 240 mm it does not
do not go in that way over the location
of food in France we can
always put two 120 mm with a
little bridge aesthetically it can be
nice in the water for watercooling
on the other hand no problem that there is
the place to the dishes as much for me that
arrives for a radiator of 240 mm
eventually we leave where we remove there
I will not go there the good little
turntables for 5.25 bay depending
of his preferences knowing that if one
share on the prodigy in micro-atx the
platinum will have more interest since we
have an opening at the front the case
is exactly the same except say it
we get the handles of the
mini-itx version another little more in
the bundle we have this is a bay
5 25 where one can fix a fan of
80 mm and of course the 3 inches and
half or even why not push
nor finally for storage so as one
could see it we have the 5.25
possibly in the bottom of the case
but we also have this patina
vertical that will allow to store
hard drives on each side and
then platinum simply
so here I am not in the right direction
she comes to take place inside
on the graphics cards and the
real and gold processor so all the
radiator
we are reassured there is a lot of
normally place the case can
accommodate blood 65 70 mm widely on
will see if it's with or without platinum and
with or without a disk on the inside
the test we deal with it very quickly
it was the little plastic from underneath
then the case the finish is good
except touch as usual with
bitfenix of quality leblanc marks a
little fingerprints if you have them
fingers a little fat
or a little dirty to be careful
maybe preferred another color if
we are in a little environment
dirtying the dust we'll see what
it gives particular for the fan
underneath see if the plastic tip does
not too much trouble if it filters if it
increases noise or if
it simply smothers the
fan
we'll see you soon